---
description: 'December 15, 2019'
---

# I’m A Stupid Fan

I want to go to IU's concert, which will be held at the Tennis Indoor Senayan on December 28-29, 2019. The concert tickets could be purchased at Traveloka according to the seat plan which consists of Bronze, Silver, Gold, Platinum and Diamond. But unfortunately I wasn't able to get the ticket at Traveloka so I tried to find tickets via Twitter. I tweeted WTB alias "want to buy" IU tickets on December 1, 2019 then on December 3, 2019 user @lolliepoep replied to my tweet that she had a Bronze ticket and I sent a DM to her. From the communication in Twitter DM we continued to WA.

She wanted the transaction to be made to her OVO number. I was still not suspicious because this seller was quite nice by allowing me to pay 50% first in advance to keep the ticket. My mistake was that I asked if her name was Bella Nurul or not when I should have asked her what her name was. After the transaction had been done, I got confirmation from the seller that my ticket was on seat H22.

Then on December 5, 2019, Lulu from Surabaya who also wanted to buy tickets at this seller contacted me and asked if I had been given the seller's personal information or not, because Lulu had not been replied by her again since she asked the seller about it, while I was still replied very quickly. Lulu got my contact because the seller used my WA chat with the seller as a testimonial without censoring my name. From the communication with Lulu, I tried to get the seller's personal information by asking in advance about the ticket proof that I had gotten but the seller looked panicked and asked me to pay the rest immediately. In the end I got a screenshot of the ticket with lots of sensors here and there. Strangely this screenshot was also obtained by Lulu even though the seat number in the screenshot should have been fixed for me.

Then I asked about the seat that was supposed to be for me but was given to Lulu instead. She said that she was waiting for who paid first and she would give the most comfortable seat. I tried to get the seller's personal information again from her ID card because I was contacted by Angel who was a friend of Lulu and she was promised that she would be given a photo of her ID card after paying DP. Angel said I should have been able to get the photo ID card because I already paid the half. But the seller instead said that she was not holding her ID card that time.

After I paid fully, the seller no longer replied to me. I tried contacting the seller with my other WA number and she immediately replied which meant my chat was deliberately unread. Finally, the seller responded by asking me what’s the email address to send the e-ticket, but after I gave my email she instead accused me of informing her that the seller was trying to cheat even though I was not familiar with the @demyourbae account the seller sent her screenshot. It turned out that it was Lulu's other Twitter account. After she accused me like that, she never replied to me again. Initially I saw the chat was still delivered and I tried to call continuously her number but after a few missed calls my chat was no longer delivered. I suspected that I had been blocked, so I created a WA group chat with that WA number. My chat in the group was read by her and my chat with her immediately delivered which means I hadn't been blocked. Then after I tried to chat continuously I was still not replied and finally I was actually blocked \(because the seller's profile photo has not appeared again\).

After the seller deactivated her twitter account, it turns out she is still committing fraud again with a new account called @aksarareina \(this twitter has also been deactivated recently\) and Lulu found it out through a [twitter thread](https://twitter.com/yolandakarinad/status/1205469123037126656). I contacted Lulu and Angel with the person who was also deceived by this seller named Yolanda. We knew that she was the same fraudster because Yolanda gave an IG screenshot from the seller namely @melxars and that account was also owned by Bella Nurul who deceived the three of us. Here the seller used the new name Aksara Reina and the OVO number used was also different from the three of us.

Long story short, Yolanda was also offered the same seat, H21-H22, just like me, Lulu, and Angel, which ended with a story that was more or less the same as the three of us who had not replied since the first half payment and asked for personal information. The one caught in the fraud by Aksara Reina was not only Yolanda but also Ayu who contacted me from DM on Twitter. Based on “HLR Lookup” app when she was Bella Nurul, she was indeed from Bandung, but when she became the Aksara Reina she had claimed from Semarang. In addition, there was information that the fraudster used an OVO Club account that didn't require an ID card to register. This fact was obtained from a friend of Yolanda who worked at OVO.

Thus, this is what I can report. I don't know how I should react anymore. I tried to get help from the police but I don't know man, I am tired.

