---
description: 'February 20, 2020'
---

# JoJo Fan's Ordinary Essay Part 2

After reading Part 7, I realised that there were a lot of plot holes in previous parts. Part 4 and 5 are the worst parts with plot holes I think. I could choose between those parts because they have different weaknesses and strengths. Here I am going to explain the details of all the parts in my opinions after watching many fanmade videos, memes, theories, etc.

**Phantom Blood** and **Battle Tendency** are underrated. I hate people who skip those parts and say those parts are not important. As a person who chooses Part 2 as the favorite one, I can't forgive that. The anime's art and music is good and David Productions didn't disappoint us. I once watched the very first Phantom Blood forgotten movie on YouTube and it was scary. I didn't like the vibe about that movie if it's just because the story was about a vampire. Part 1 and 2 produced "_To be continued_" with Roundabout instrumental as one of the most popular memes on the internet. I think it's interesting to see the origin of the meme. Sometimes people overuse that meme without the proper context and it's annoying. In my opinions, part 1 is not really memorable as it has only 9 episodes.

Part 2 started to have more likeable characters like Joseph, Caesar, Lisa Lisa and even the Pillar Men could be considered as a favorite character. The most important of it is the bonds: Bonds between Joseph, Caesar, Lisa Lisa and bonds between the Pillar Men. Part 1 only had Will Zeppeli as a mentor not a friend and I guess that's the reason why we love the one and only Speedwagon because of his royalty. He wasn't a powerful ally but he supported the Joestars till the end of the universe through SPF. I can't think of any plot hole in these parts since Part 1 and 2 were already crystal clear telling the origin of Dio who _WRYYYYYjected his humanity_ and stone mask.

**Stardust Crusaders** is said to be the peak of JoJo's Bizarre Adventures popularity. Well since I am new to be a JoJo fan then I can't 100% agree with that. The Stand concept is definitely the greatest decision of Araki since hamon is boring but I actually felt sad when hamon wasn't used anymore. And why DIO didn't make a vampire clan anymore and he preferred to gather stand users? His abilities like freezing people and laser eyes when he was in Part 1 were never used anymore. If only he supported all the stand users he gathered with the vampire blood like Vanilla Ice, I bet the Crusaders will die easily LOL. Also don't forget the flesh bud for them so a person like Hol Horse wouldn't ever think to betray. Ah yeah I am also disappointed with Kakyoin and Polnareff. When they were possessed by Dio's flesh bud, they had cool abilities. For example, Kakyoin could hurt someone from a painting. I have ever watched a funny video about "What if Kakyoin slash Jotaro's neck in the painting rather than his legs?" and it actually makes sense LOL. Stardust Crusaders would have ended faster. Kakyoin could also possess someone using a mannequin. I think these abilities were better than "_NO ONE CAN DEFLECT MY EMERARUDO SPLASHUUU_"...right? As for Polnareff, I just never saw him taking off his stand armor and making shadowed Silver Chariot anymore. Again, these abilities were only shown when they were possessed by Dio's flesh bud. It looks like they forgot that they were more powerful than what they thought they were. I am not sure but didn't Joseph say that a stand could only have one ability and that's mentioned in the very beginning of the part. I think it's okay to have more than one ability though as long as the abilities are still related to the other abilities like Polnareff with his naked Silver Chariot.

Those are the plot holes that I felt annoyed in Part 3. No, it's not over yet. I still wonder what happened to Holy, Jotaro's mom? In my opinion, her Stand was still there but it's not harming her body anymore like Josuke. They said Holy was pure right? I could imagine if her Stand's ability was for doing cures like Josuke. Too bad there's no explanation about this. Still not only that! I also wonder what the exact abilities of Star Platinum are? I don't want an answer like _oraora_-ing people because I think that's a pretty normal combat ability that Stands could have like Giorno, Jolyne, or maybe Diavolo who liked to "donut" people with his King Crimson. There's a meme who says Star Platinum could steal Stand's abilities by saying "_So it's the same type of Stand as Star Platinum_". It's funny though I think it only worked because of Joestar's fate through Dio with Jonathan's body and other Joestars' stands. What I hate about Star Platinum is that he only used Za Warudo time stop ability that he "stole" from Dio's The World after Part 3. I'm okay if Star Platinum doesn't have any special ability since it's already useful in many simple ways. I like when Jotaro operated a surgery to pick a flesh bud LOL.

Despite those plot holes, I like Stardust Crusaders as part title the most. It also had very beautiful OP and ED animations. Oh yeah by the way I recently found JoJo's Anthology Songs album and it contains very good songs especially for the Crusaders. My favorite songs are Star Platinum \(Jotaro's theme\), Fire of Soul \(Avdol's theme\), and Naked Silver \(Polnareff's theme\). I also like Jonathan's Ballad and Crazy My Beat for Battle Tendency gang's theme. Please listen to all of the songs of this album by accessing [this playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLdZgK8oTX2gW47MAZhNmlRUi_0QYeFt1z). I beg you this is _très bien_.

Okay that's all I thought about Part 3. Now we're going to _BREAKDOWN BREAKDOWN_ on Part 4: **Diamond is Unbreakable**, one of the parts which I think had the most annoying plot holes. I won't say about Josuke's saviour because that's okay if he's forgotten since he won't affect anything. I am more concerned about what the purpose of making Joseph Joestar came to Morioh-cho. I thought the gang would use his ability to track down Kira right? WHY DID THEY FORGET THIS? Even though Kira changed his face, I think Joseph could still find him out, like Dio with Jonathan's body...haha. There's an explanation that Hermit Purple couldn't track a person perfectly like what he did before to find Josuke but found Angelo instead in the photo. That's very disappointing though. If Joseph still practiced his hamon and Stand, I bet he would be a cool DILF.

The last one that bugs me is...well I don't know how to say this because it may be because I forgot what's the story of Part 4 since it had so many characters but very short screen time. What the fuck was Akira doing? I mean, why did he want to trouble himself to defeat the Joestar gang? He could keep the arrow for himself or maybe like Kira's father creating stand users as allies. Even Kira's father himself was weird in my opinion. If you're DIO then it's understandable you could gather stand users as the worshippers but Kira's father wasn't someone to worship\(?\) and yet the stand users created by him had to defend someone who was unknown. So basically the entire plot of Part 4's villain side was so wrong in many ways. But to be honest, I still like Yoshikage Kira as one of my favorite villains because of his principle to _have a quiet life_. Also, _Duwang Gang_ had the funniest jojokes and references in the internet.

At first I didn’t understand why people liked to comment something like, “What a beautiful duwang, chew” or “My nam is \(you don’t need to remember\) Guanglai Kangyi”. After I found out what it was I couldn’t stop laughing at jojokes about Duwang. I like this the most: “Are you ok reatard? I am wood. Stupid.” The Morioh-cho references are also cute. Maybe I should share my favorite fanarts in the other part of my rants.

Next is about Part 5. I only want to mention just one plot hole that I fuckin hate it but I want to scream out my deepest cry first. IF ONLY SQUADRA ESECUZIONI COULD BE PATIENT, they didn't have to die miserably. Please I watch JoJo not to feel sad. This sadness eats me a lot lately and I couldn't sleep well without thinking about that team. Araki sensei made that team look evil while in fact they just wanted to overthrow the boss which was also the same goal with Bucciarati's team. If I'm not wrong, it started when they wanted to know the boss' identity but in exchange two of their teammates died in a gruesome way. The more I learn about Sorbet and Gelato, the more I feel sad towards Squadra Esecuzioni 😭

I am also sad because a lot of people talk shit about Fugo just because he left. I am thankful though to Araki sensei because he withdrew the idea of making Fugo betray Bucciarati's team. I could understand how Fugo felt. He was the smartass among the team and of course he didn't want to do something dangerous just to protect a girl from her father that they just knew several days. Trish was annoying because of her spoiled acts and so does her father. What the heck is wrong with Diavolo/Doppio? As the main villain he was a sick psychopath. There were only very little stories about his past. I don't get the reason why Diavolo is being likeable as a main villain by some people in the fandom but well this is just my opinion okay.

So the plot hole in **Golden Wind** was only one. Rather than asking how does King Crimson work I'd rather ask how does GER work? Why did Diavolo have to die in a lot of different ways like dumb ways to die game LOLOLOL. Since Gold Experience's ability was making objects into living organisms so I think it would be simple if Diavolo's infinite death was as same as Prometheus' infinite death in Greek myth. Prometheus was punished by Zeus by having his heart being eaten by falcons but in the next day his heart was growing again and then being eaten by falcons again and so on and forever. The infinite deaths that Diavolo had to experience were random and meaningless...or maybe there's a meaning but I don't know about it. Yeah that's it. I'm sorry if I said Part 5 had too many plot holes. Yes it had so many but there were some of the plot holes that bugged me already being debunked on the internet. Oh yeah I would like to ask how many ladybug brooches that Giorno had actually?

I think I should read the manga of Part 1-5 if I had some free time again, especially Part 5 since it had so many anime only features. To be honest, Giorno is likeable because he is smart and has a _resolve which is shining upon the path even brighter than the rising sun_. But he stole too many spotlights duh. Are you sure you're just a 15 years old kid? Also he didn't have stand fight experiences before joining Passione but he knew about how to fight stands a lot. If I was one of the members in Bucciarati's team I envied him.

God I rant too much about JoJo. I know I can't stop but I should stop this post at this point. I will share my opinions about Part 6: **Stone Ocean** and Part 7: **Steel Ball Run** in the next post. Because of Part 6 I started to make Jotaro as my favorite JoJo and Gyro as my favorite JoBro from the alternate universe. I will also tell how much I like JoJo's wholesomeness and fineness in fanmade videos, fanarts, etc.

