---
description: 'January 18, 2020'
---

# JoJo Fan's Ordinary Essay Part 1

Oh my God! I think I am deeply in love with JoJo's Bizarre Adventure series.

I have known JoJo since I was in high school. I saw some of my friends using JoJo LINE stickers. They were also talking about some quotes that I didn't understand because I didn't read or watch JoJo but at least I knew if those were JoJo references.

Then, I ganged up with most of the members who were anime watchers. Most of them liked to use JoJo references and sometimes shared jojokes in the group chat. The notable people who used jojokes a lot were: \(KONO\) Dio \(DA\), Rifqy, Naufal and Faizin. I am sure Angga and Iyon knew JoJo as well since they are also a heavy anime watcher. Rifqy influenced Raihan after that and Raihan became one of the JoJo fans among the gang.

Since I knew Raihan was being a newbie as a JoJo fan, sometimes I shared jojokes in Salty Spitoon group chat even though I never watched it. In case you don't know, Salty Spitoon is the name of the group chat that consists of me, Rifqy, Raihan, and Shofi. The group chat was used for [GEMASTIK 12](../../2019/10/totally-done-with-gemastik.md), Software Development I and II subject. Because of that, Rifqy tried to influence me as well. I wasn't really interested in anime because I didn't really have time to watch and I preferred manga because I could read faster. When Rifqy said JoJo had not ended yet it made me less interested because I didn't like waiting time. However, I still lend my external harddisk to let him copy all JoJo animes from Part 1-5.

I never touched JoJo anime until the end of the 2019 when I was finally free from college life. I used my eating time to watch the anime. I will review each anime part in detail after I tell my story. Now I'm going to share my feelings when I watched it.

Part 1 was fun. My prediction about the stone mask was wrong LOL. I thought Dio would be punished by the stone mask since the stone mask was acting like watching all of the truths and lies between Jonathan's father-Dario \(Dio's father\) and Jonathan-Dio. I expected to see Jonathan's mom and curse onto Brando's family through the stone mask haha but she never showed up anymore. The ripple backstory was interesting and it made me think if ripple in JoJo was the same concept as Dr. Strange. I even googled it haha but since there wasn't any joke about it, no one thought the same thing like me LOL. Too bad Jonathan died too soon. And I was shocked when Erina said that she was already pregnant LOL.

I started to get interested when I reached Part 2. Joseph was a likeable man. I laughed a lot at all of his acts. And cried too. Yeah. Shizaaaaaaaaaaaa 😭 Oh yeah, I also realised that Iyon and Raihan used the Pillar Men theme as his alarm ringtone. Damn that's pretty annoying for an alarm ringtone but I had to admit that it was cool when it became the background music of the Pillar Men. Btw the subtitle said Column Men not Pillar Men which was confusing to me. Also ripple is not the usual word to define hamon. Hamon is hamon. I guess that's the reason why I couldn't find a joke about Dr. Strange's power and hamon. I was disappointed when Joseph was announced dead because it would be the same annoying fate like the previous Joestars from Jonathan's father. Fuck Jonathan's mother LOL why did she have to buy a cursed stone mask without knowing what it was. But the moment when Joseph came to his funeral, I felt relieved and happy.

At that point, I also realised that JoJo's characters were based on music bands. The first character that made me realise it was Whamuu. That's definitely Wham! the band who sang "Last Christmas". There was also Esidisi aka AC/DC. I don't really know about AC/DC but I am sure that's the AC/DC band that Araki referred to. In Part 1, I thought that Tarkus and Bruford were real based on history but when I searched and found that Tarkus and Bruford were music references...ok I was a fool.

And then I started watching Part 3. I didn't watch this part intensely since I was busy preparing my trip to [see IU in Jakarta](../../2019/12/iulovepoeminjkt.md). Part 3 was cool and there were some unpredictable fights I never thought. There were some gags by the Crusaders but not as many as Part 2. Again and again I cried because of Avdol and Iggy's death 😭 I felt Polnareff a lot 😭 The background music really supported the situation in the story like Caesar's. There was also Kakyoin who was dead but I didn't feel sad over him like Avdol and Iggy. That time, the fight between Jotaro and DIO was more important than his death I guess. And Joseph was "temporarily" dead as well but the situation wasn't sad. To be honest, I hadn't known yet that the fight between Jotaro and DIO was being a high-tier meme on the internet. I have seen the manga panels and I didn't know that the manga panels referred to this fight.

After that I continued to watch Part 4. At this time I was cursed with too many spoilers since I couldn't stand many deaths like in Part 3. At least Kakyoin could be still alive but Araki said NO!NO!NO! I regretted that I read too many JoJo fandom articles because Part 4 was very peaceful. I just simply didn't want Rohan to die when I saw Bites za Dusto effect but that made me didn't enjoy the story of Part 4. I didn't really like the story of Part 4 though. Too many evil stand users but they weren't cool. However, I liked Part 4's OPs and ED except Chase the OP 2 LOL. Chase wasn't bad but it wasn't as good as the other powerful JoJo's OPs. Crazy Noisy Bizarre Town was my favorite one. I tried to find that song on Spotify but I found an unofficial one. Luckily it was good and I decided to save it to my playlist.

I didn't watch Part 4 and Part 5 in a hurry because I didn't want my eating-companion to finish too fast. When I was watching Part 1-3, I always wanted to watch at least a story arc so that it wouldn't be cliff-hanging. I have to admit that Part 5's art is sexy but Jotaro is horrible DAMN ☹️ I wanted at least Part 4's Jotaro 😡 Part 4's art is beautiful but it could make me forget that I am watching JoJo because JoJo is known for buff men. I forgive Part 4 because Part 4 is too "slice in life". I don't know what to say about Part 5 because I am already too spoiled and then when Bruno, Abbacchio, and Narancia died, I didn't shed tears. The music is very Italian and eargasmic. I searched for the original soundtrack albums and literally downloaded the whole albums. I love Mista so much and I want to be his Sex Pistols 😍 When I heard his Stand name for the first time I thought, "WTF why is the name so vulgar? I know Sex Pistols is a music band but you can use other names like Guns and Roses or anything with 'gun' or 'pistol' right? 😑". Despite his Stand name is indecent, I guess that's because he is sexy HAHAHA.

Okay so that's my story when I watched JoJo anime. I wonder when Part 6 will be animated. Based on the release date of each season \(Part 1-2, Part 3, Part 4, and Part 5\), Part 6 should be animated this year. But I doubt that because there is still no official announcement and Rifqy said Part 6 was not liked by many people. Because I was impatient, I started to read the manga. Araki's art in the manga is very gorgeous. Besides that, the completed manga series \(Part 6-7\) are already colorized. I knew I couldn't waste my time to not read these masterpieces.

The moment when I read Part 6, I felt uneasy since the protagonist Jolyne did something indecent jeez 😑 I even reread the first chapter to make sure that I didn't misunderstand those panels. But yeah that's Jolyne for ya. Hermes' appearance is cool. Sometimes I don't understand why men could be pretty like Part 5 gangsters when women could be handsome like Hermes in Araki's art. Part 6's story is not bad as people said. I like how Pucci is related to Dio, which is the whole reason why JoJo's Bizarre Adventure exists. Pucci is definitely the most annoying villain even worse than DIO. Yes it's true that the protagonist and the allies died including my man Jotaro but I think it makes sense because that's what Made in Heaven does right? It's more logical than GER though. By the way, Araki were you joking? Where the hell was Giorno??? I still can forgive that though, but I won't forgive if the death of Jolyne, Jotaro, Hermes, and Anasui aka Diavolo cosplayer won't be sad in the future anime. I expect a deep 'in memoriam' especially for Jotaro before we get into the high tense fight between Pucci and Emporio after that.

Not longer after finishing Part 6, I immediately read Part 7. People said Part 7 was the best part and I agreed with that. I got so many awesome plot twists that I couldn't predict, especially the part when Lucy got the last corpse's part inside her belly, referencing the virgin Mary. If only SBRverse is related to the new universe made at the end of Part 6 and Gyro is not dead, I will love Part 7 100%. Damn Araki sensei you're so cruel. He made me fall in love with Gyro's irresistible charms and silly gags but decided to kill him in a lame way. Well yes he was heroic but his death's not. I wish Gyro will have a sad death theme like Caesar. I want to cry over his death even though I already know he would be dead. I hate the moments when I watched Part 5 because spoilers and I wish it wouldn't happen again.

Alright I guess this post will be long so I will tell you about my opinions on each part next month. I doubt that I will have something to write for next month though. My life has been hijacked to think about JoJo. Anyway, since Part 8 is still ongoing and I have a principle to prioritise completed series so I can't review Part 8 yet. I have read that part briefly though and Gappy is definitely beautiful if only he is not "gappy" 🤓

