---
description: 'May 16, 2018'
---

# The New Page \(and The Last Page for Me\)

Honestly I don’t know what title will be suitable for this moment. This post was about Temporary Mathematics and Natural Sciences Faculty Students Executive Board which had been recessed today because the new president and vice president of Mathematics and Natural Sciences Faculty Students Executive Board had been chosen. I had already waited this moment came. As you might already know, I had been a staff of Media and Information Department in Temporary Mathematics and Natural Sciences Faculty Students Executive Board.

I became a staff because I wanted to help Senior Rana as the head of department and I was interested with the jobs. In the department there were only me and her. Her job was posting and sharing on all Mathematics and Natural Sciences Faculty Students Executive Board’s social media accounts and my job was making posters especially for celebration days and environment days. Sometimes I backed up her job and she also backed up my job. We were really a good team in the department.

But it wasn’t my problem. The problem was the other people in Temporary Mathematics and Natural Sciences Faculty Students Executive Board. At first I was really really interested to help. I was being an active person. Everything changed since I realized that the people inside especially the president himself were busy with their own life more than this job. They planned for meetings but never did it. If they did it, the meetings were only gathered a very few of us. Well, to be honest I never go the meetings. I once wanted to go, but they cancelled it. Damn, I even sacrificed a class that time. After that I never went to the meetings. It wasn’t my fault I couldn’t come either, because wherever they wanted to gathered for the meetings I had already had another plans. I thought, who was I so I could say anything to them? Almost everyone in the cabinet were my seniors. The 2016 generation people were only me and Anbiya. Even Anbiya was invited in the middle of the job not in the beginning like me. At that time, I saw that Senior Rana was also bored too about this job. I meant, she didn’t care anymore about Temporary Mathematics and Natural Sciences Faculty Students Executive Board as long as she did good on her job in the department. So I did the same. We only did the best for our own department but really didn’t care about other departments’ business.

Actually I wanted to share the drama why my faculty didn’t have a real Students Executive Board as usual but I didn’t know the full story. In fact, the person who made the drama was in this Temporary Students Executive Board. If he was the reason why the real Students Executive Board was not made then why he still invited in this Temporary Students Executive Board?

In short, I will support Senior Fariz and Senior Mechdi for being my faculty’s Students Executive Board president and vice president. They were chosen by a legislative conference several days ago and today the Temporary Mathematics and Natural Sciences Faculty Students Executive Board was dissolved. Good luck for the new real Students Executive Board of Mathematics and Natural Sciences Faculty! The new page for our faculty and the last page for me. Why I said the last? Because I won’t ever involve in any Mathematics and Natural Sciences Faculty Students Executive Board again. There was no problem, just me wanting to be free from any organizations.

